 C# 
  C# belongs to the Microsoft’s family of programming language and was developed in 2000 to be the part of 
  the first ever release of Microsoft’s prestigious .NET framework. C# is very similar to Java in terms of 
  capabilities. It has been said that C# combines the robustness of C++ with the advanced features of Java.
  C# language is used to develop almost all types of software applications that come with Visual Studio IDE.
  If you are developing a dynamic web based application in ASP.NET, you will be required to code in C# or VB
  to write backend handling mechanism. If you are developing a Windows form application or a Windows Presentation
  Foundation (WPF) Application, you will be required to code in C#. Similarly, if you are developing a windows
  phone application, again you will be required to code in C#.Keeping in view, the importance of the usage of C# 
  in Microsoft’s application, you should definitely consider it if you are looking to develop applications for
  Windows-based platforms. 
  
 1.C Language
   C is definitely a very good programming language to learn, specifically for the beginners who are intending 
   for a programming career in the long run.The legacy of C language stems from the fact that it is ancestor to
   many of the advanced programming languages such as C++, Java, C#, JavaScript, and Pearl.C language is mostly
   used for developing low level applications as it is considered nearest to the hardware amongst all languages,
   baring assembly language.
 2.C++ Language 
  Though C language was performing extremely well, it lacked object orientation. In order to address this issue,
  C++ language was developed in 1983 which is often considered object oriented version of C language. C++ is one 
  of the most widely used languages of the world with many amazing applications developed through it. Google Chrome,
  Mozilla Firefox, Winamp, and the complete suite of Adobe Software were developed using C++. Apart from that, several
  advanced games and operating systems – like windows – have been developed in C++ due to its quick processing and
  compilation mechanism. Also, C++ developers are in extremely high demand in the job market and the number of 
  vacancies is growing.  
 3.Java Language
  Java was developed by James Gosling, in 1990 at Sun Microsystems. Java further adds to the capabilities of C++
  language. It is often said that Java owes a lot to C and C++ in terms of features and capabilities. The special 
  thing about Java is that this is the first purely object oriented programming language. Java was developed on the
  principle of WORA i.e. “Write Once Run Anywhere”. This feature adds to the portability of Java. You just need to 
  compile Java Source code once and then on any machine where JVM (Java Virtual Machine is installed), you can run 
  that code irrespective of the underlying operating system and hardware. 
 4. PHP Language
  PHP (Hypertext Preprocessor) is one of the most widely used languages used to develop dynamic websites. 
  PHP was developed in 1995 and is a server-side scripting language which means that PHP code is processed on
  the server and end result is sent to the user of the website in the form of plain HTML.PHP is an open-source 
  language which means that there are thousands of already built modules that can be modified to achieve the desired
  functionality.there are hundreds of PHP platforms available such as Joomla, WordPress, and Drupal that allow you 
  to develop websites even more conveniently. PHP is one language that every programmer should learn if he or she 
  plans to pursue a web developer’s career. PHP is also an integral part of the famous LAMP (Linux Apache MySQL 
  and PHP) platform that Facebook, Yahoo, and other famous websites use.
 5. JavaScript Language
  JavaScript is one of server side languages that are ideal for developing complex web applications but 
  performing every task on server puts lots of load on a server. For this reason, developers often delegate
  some part of the functionality to client side and for this purpose JavaScript is used. JavaScript is a client
  side programming language that runs inside a client browser and process commands on client computer rather than
  server which results in decreased load on server and increased application’s execution speed. JavaScript has been
  designed by Netscape and there is hardly any website that doesn’t make use of JavaScript